website/docs: add warning about Helm breaking change in 2024.x (#7351)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/releases/2023/v2023.10.md

-   It is only possible to upgrade to 2023.10 from 2023.8. This is due to a bug in the migrations which will be fixed in a future release (#7326).

> -   The first 2024.x version of this chart will see a rework that will include breaking changes. Please plan accordingly for that update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Warning: The first 2024.x version of this chart will see a rework that will include breaking changes. The breaking changes will be noted in the next Release notes.
```
